1. What activities did you do as the driver? What activities did you do as the navigator?
As the driver, I felt like I was able to focus more on ensuring the code was syntactically sound, whereas being the navigator
made me feel as though I thought through the end goal of the code I was trying to provide.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of serving in each role?
As the driver, I feel somewhat helpless to help correct the code as I am trusting someone else to know the path being taken to
the desired goal. As the navigator I felt as though my shortcomings substantially slowed our momentum.

3. How often did you and your partner switch roles? Did you switch often enough?
We swapped anytime the other had an idea on how to fix the other's issue. We swapped often enough because we somewhat bounced
off the ideas of one another.

4. Which is your preferred role and why?
Navigator because I felt as though I struggle with implementing concepts that I'm only hearing.

5. Explain why this is a BAD test case for your method: assertEquals("bird", MedianSolver.median(new String[]{"bird", "cat",
"dog", "ant"}))
This is a bad test because it is not clearly indicated how strings are sorted. If there were a capital letter or words with
varying lengths that differ from their alphabetical value, there would be much more information to accurately draw a conclusion
on how strings are ordered. But since these are three 3-letter words and one 4-letter word, both in all lowercase we
cannot accurately infer if length, ASCII values, or any other factor is the determining factor for our sorting algorithm.


6. Explain how you could change the test to make it "valid" and explain how you could change the specification so that this is
considered a "good" test
A better spec would be comparing strings by length and having a test that has words of varying lengths that defy their
alphabetical orders to accurately demonstrate what is being sorted. This would also leave less room for errors as it would
more accurately test the method. The test should also be clearly marked so that we know what exactly it is the test is
searching for.