Explain the hashing function you used for BadHashFunctor. Be sure to discuss why you expected it to perform badly
(i.e., result in many collisions).
For this Hash Functor, I simply used the String length, which resulted in a multitude of collisions since all of the
values I plugged into my collision test had the same String length.

Explain the hashing function you used for MediocreHashFunctor. Be sure to discuss why you expected it to perform moderately
(i.e., result in some collisions).
For the Mediocre Hash Functor, I simply took the ASCII value of every character and added them all together to use the sum of
the ASCII values as the unique identifier. However, this still led to collisions as the same characters in a different order
(Such as the words cat and act) would trigger a collision.

Explain the hashing function you used for GoodHashFunctor. Be sure to discuss why you expected it to perform well
(i.e., result in few or no collisions).
For the Good Hash Functor, I took the bitwise values of the characters within the strings and took the modulus with the maximum
value as an Integer to give each String a unique value and used this as the unique identifier (preventing collisions of
identical characters in a different order when comparing two strings.)

Design and conduct an experiment to assess the quality and efficiency of each of your three hash functions. Briefly explain
the design of your experiment. Plot the results of your experiment. Since the organization of your plot(s) is not specified
here, the labels and titles of your plot(s), as well as, your interpretation of the plots is important. A recommendation for
this experiment is to create two plots: one that shows the number of collisions incurred by each hash function for a variety
of hash table sizes, and one that shows the actual running time required by various operations using each hash function for
a variety of hash table sizes.
For the design of my experiment I took a set of strings whose characters were random values and assigned them unique values
using the Good, Mediocre, and Bad Hash Functors. I then recorded the outcome of the total time it took them to calculate each
variable's unique identifier.

What is the cost of each of your three hash functions (in Big-O notation)? Note that the problem size (N) for your hash
functions is the length of the String, and has nothing to do with the hash table itself. Did each of your hash functions
perform as you expected (i.e., do they result in the expected number of collisions)?
Each function was approximately O(N) however, the good functor took more time than both the mediocre and bad hash functors.
Especially since the bad hash functor was O(1). This is about what I expected since having a better method to make unique
identifiers would also consume more time.