1. Which two binarySearch tests are failing?
Tests 2 and 3 are failing.

2. What are the values of arr and goal passed in to binary search?
The goal value passed in was 0 and arr was the array [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]

3. For each of the two cases of binarySearch that are failing, which return statements are they executing in error (is it
returning true when it should be returning false, or the other way around)?
It is doing both. It should be returning false when it is returning true and it should return true when it is returning false.
We know this because the arrays that contain values we are looking for return false, as is true in the first and third tests
and arrays that do not contain values we are searching for return true such as in the second and fourth tests.

4. What is the bug in binarySearch? How do you fix it?
The bug is that it is always comparing the number we are searching for to the middle index value. We can fix this by comparing
goal to arr[mid] instead of mid itself as this is just an index value.

5. Which loops appear to be infinite?
Loops 2 and 4.

6. For the loops that you found to be infinite, briefly explain why they are never progressing.
Loop 2 b starts the loop with a value of zero, so no matter how much a's value changes, it will always be multiplied by zero
when setting b's value, meaning it will never have a value greater than 13 and never leave the loop.Loop 4 is always having f
subtract the value of c and on every loop c alternates between 1 and negative 1, f - -1 is f + 1 and f + 1 - 1 is f, keeping
f perpetually between 5 and 6 and preventing it from dropping below zero and leaving the loop.

7. What does the call to password.split(" ") appear to do? Hint: examine the input value of "password", then examine the items in the "tokens" array returned by the call.
It takes each piece of the password separated by a space and turns the acquired characters into a string separate from the full
password.

8. What is the correct password?
1 4 9 16 25
