My IP - 10.18.128.50
Courtney - 10.18.145.7
Jaied - 10.18.220.99
Alexis - 10.18.237.65

Pinging With a Partner:
There were ICMP messages that looked like a consistent exchange of information
that kept the computers connected. There were also ARP messages in which my
terminal asked "Who has <partner's IPv4>" and their terminal responded and,
a few ICMP messages later, my partner's terminal asked the same question about
my IPv4 and my terminal responded. The data looked to be nonsense, likely
because the data was encrypted and Wireshark, as an outside source, was unable
to pull the proper documentation. The source address is my IPv4 and the
destination address is my partner's IPv4. The ASCII seems to be some kind of
hexadecimal encryption for what is written in the actual text shown in the
terminal. It takes between 10 and 100 ms to exchange packets with a classmate.
For Google, it takes roughly 25 ms for the Louvre website, it took between 80
and 200 ms. This tells us that a website whose servers are further take longer
to exchange packet information. Congestion also plays a major function.

Pinging with an HTTP:
Yes, there was much more output than I expected there were also legible words
among the TCP output. There was much more data received than given since I was
retrieving a full website and was only providing my IP to obtain a client from
the server. There was also packet loss when I was interacting with the webpage.
Rather than simply obtaining the website, curl was able to obtain the info
stored in the .html and .css files and output them instead. The results were
much more weighted on my terminal requesting information since the webpage is
no longer trying to load, but rather trying to find and pull the code that the
webpage is comprised of. When trying to connect to github, the link changed to
an https link rather than an http link, this changed the tcp port to 443 rather
than 80 and left all of the text garbled and ecnrypted because my terminal is
not authorized to search for the finer details I could observe on an unprotected
terminal or webpage. After passing through the DNS in the first few lines, I was
prevented from recording as much data as I would otherwise.
