1. If you had backed the sorted set with a Java List instead of a basic array, summarize the main points in which your
implementation would have differed. Do you expect that using a Java List would have more or less efficient and why?
(Consider efficiency both in running time and in program development time.)
Using a Java List instead of a basic array would have drastically reduced the necessary steps to implement when adding and
removing values since doing so in a list requires me to change the pointer reference and leave the other values in their current
positions rather than moving them by the number of indexes of the values we removed. It also would have made it so looking for
the first and last value were dependent on ignoring the head and tail values of the list and would require creating a head and
tail to avoid any issues when removing the first and last values of the List. It would have been much less efficient since
Lists do not use values placed next to each other but rather tie a pointer to the next value from the initial value which means
the CPU will need to go back into memory every time it wants to pull another value.

2. What do you expect the Big-O behavior of BinarySearchSet's contains method to be and why?
It should be O(N) since it is just checking one more value every time a new value is added, making the true or false return
fairly fast and straightforward.

3. Plot the running time of BinarySearchSet's contains method, using the timing techniques demonstrated in previous labs. Be
sure to use a decent iteration count to get a reasonable average of running times. Include your plot in your analysis document.
Does the growth rate of these running times match the Big-oh behavior you predicted in question 2?
Yes, although it certainly is not optimized, it follows the same general Big O.

4. Consider your add method. For an element not already contained in the set, how long does it take to locate the correct
position at which to insert the element? Create a plot of running times. Pay close attention to the problem size for which
you are collecting running times. Beware that if you simply add N items, the size of the sorted set is always changing. A
good strategy is to fill a sorted set with N items and time how long it takes to add one additional item. To do this
repeatedly (i.e., iteration count), remove the item and add it again, being careful not to include the time required to call
remove() in your total. In the worst-case, how much time does it take to locate the position to add an element (give your
answer using Big-oh)?
Add should be O(N) as well because they are already sorted so adding a value to the correct index should be about as linear as
finding an object in the array but less optimal due to the extra step to the method. In the Worst Case Scenario it should
take O(NlgN).