Explain how the order that items are inserted into a BST affects the construction of the tree, and how this construction
affects the running time of subsequent calls to the add, contains, and remove methods.
The order in which items are inserted to the BST determine how often the tree is traversed and how often information must be
percolated up or down the tree. This impacts the runtime of the methods because it can increase time depending on if the
information ever gets to be inserted in the middle of branches or replace the root as the new root value. It can also impact
how easily information is removed (i.e. removing values from most to least will be substantially slower than removing values
from lowest to highest or even in a random order. The same rule applies for contains. Add will see decreased speed when values
are inserted from least to most as compared to most to least or a random order.

Design and conduct an experiment to illustrate the effect of building an N-item BST by inserting the N items in sorted order
versus inserting the N items in a random order. Carefully describe your experiment, so that anyone reading this document could
replicate your results.
For this experiment, I created a list that contains values from 0 to 2^10, then 0 to 2^11 and so on until 0 to 2^15. After,
I shuffled it in one case and haad it in order from least to greatest in the other case and in both cases inserted the values
to a Binary Search Tree and timed the amount of time in nanoseconds it took to insert all the values and wrote them to a file
to have the comparison graphed.

Plot the results of your experiment. Since the organization of your plot(s) is not specified here, the labels and titles of
your plots(s), as well as your interpretation of the plots, are critical.
When inserted in order, I found that the inserted values worked far slower than when they were inserted in a random order. This
is because every value meant the tree would be traversed again from the beginning when taken in order, but a random order
meant it would often only traverse a few levels before finding the necessary position.

Design and conduct an experiment to illustrate the differing performance in a BST with a balance requirement and a BST that
is allowed to be unbalanced. Use Java's TreeSet as an example of the former and your BinarySearchTree as an example of the
latter. Carefully describe your experiment, so that anyone reading this document could replicate your results. Plot the
results of your experiment. Since the organization of your plot(s) is not specified here, the labels and titles of your
plots(s), as well as your interpretation of the plots, are critical.
For my experiment, I took a TreeSet and my Unbalanced BST and added an increasing number of values to both. I then picked a
random number (placing the retrieval of the random number in the compensation iteration) and looked for that number using
the contains method. I timed how long the contains function would take and compared the runtime of the two. The Balanced Tree
is far more optimized and even has an overall smaller Big O runtime when compared to the Unbalanced Tree. The runtimes began
with a similar runtime but approaching an N of roughly 10^4, there was an exponential increase in the runtime of the contains
method for the Unbalanced BST.


Discuss whether a BST is a good data structure for representing a dictionary. If you think that it is, explain why. If you
think that it is not, discuss other data structure(s) that you think would be better. (Keep in mind that for a typical
dictionary, insertions and deletions of words are infrequent compared to word searches.)
A BST would be good for a dictionary since BSTs are optimized for finding values. This means that the purpose of a dictionary
(searching for words) would have its needs perfectly met by using a BST.

Many dictionaries are in alphabetical order. What problem will it create for a dictionary BST if it is constructed by
inserting words in alphabetical order? What can you do to fix the problem?
This will make it so every instance in which a word is added triggers a full traversal of the BST. A good solution would be to
add them in the reverse of alphabetical order or simply inserting them from a random order.