What is your programming partner's name and which of you submitted the program files to Gradescope? Briefly discuss the pair programming experience, including:
Sophia Perez
How well did you apply the techniques of pair programming (as explained on this page) to this assignment?
Fairly well, I think we did a good job of having one of us drive the primary train of thought but rather than having one person focus each task, I feel we
focused more on having the driving role juggle more and we both wrote our own versions of the code based of whatever was the present thought being provided.

What percentage of the program code did you write using these techniques?
I would say roughly 50%, we made more use of the fact there were two minds well oriented towards the desired outcome than we did having one person explicitly
focus each task.

About how many hours did you spend completing the programming and testing portion of this assignment? Evaluate your programming partner.
Sophia was a great programming partner and was very team oriented, assisting me on deliberating the best path forward even when we were both struggling to
understand how to proceed. I could not say for certain how much time we spent on it.

Do you plan to work with this person again?
I would work with this person again.

Compare the running time of the push method. What is the growth rate of the method's running time for each stack class, and why?
Both of these show a runtime of O(1) because it is always adding the element to the first position.

Compare the running time of the pop method. What is the growth rate of the method's running time for each stack class, and why?
Both of these show a runtime of O(1) because it is always removing the element from the first position.

Compare the running time of the peek method. What is the growth rate of the method's running time for each stack class, and why?
Both of these show a runtime of O(1) because it is always checking the element at the first position.

Based on your timing experiments, which stack class do you think is more efficient for using in your WebBrowser application? Why?
The Array Stack because it is more optimized since it can pull information from memory, and it can retrieve the surrounding values whereas the Linked List cannot
since it is unable to accurately grab the surrounding values. This is what makes Linked Lists fool's gold.